okay I just got this package in the mail
just recently and those are my two big
beetles that I ordered off of ebay and
and there are two beetles in here one is
called the black Caucasus beetle and the
other one is called a rhinoceros beetle
you pretty excited my dear
oh my god this is pretty big Wow it was
really cool this is the rhinoceros
beetle how's it look
I mean to show pretty good shape yeah
sorry yeah sort of thing there's the
first one and then this I think this
one's called wow this is called the
black Caucasus beetle
he's about or she is about three and a
half inches long and this right here I
think is about two to three inches long
so this was the rhinoceros and this one
right here is the giant black Caucasus
beetle and that's them
and pretty soon I'll make another video
you like you know taking them out of
here and showing them and and maybe
probably mounting in em and stuff and
that's it they show pretty well hmm cool
let's do this
the way he packaged this is great oh wow
I think it's cool
sorry
how's it work
pretty awesome mm-hmm he did that really
well the way he it's really cool mm-hmm
let's put over here near that light
well that's kind of me yeah there you go
I don't know why they don't focus
that's silly awesome